doc: add docs for updating nuget packages and using .nupkgs (#4996)
microsoft/terminal: doc/building.md

- AuditMode

AuditMode is an experimental mode that enables some additional static analysis from CppCoreCheck.

## Updating Nuget package references

> Updating Nuget package references must be done using the snippet listed below because of the way packages are consumed by the projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain Nuget package references in this project, like `Microsoft.UI.Xaml`, must be updated outside of the Visual Studio NuGet package manager. This can be done using the snippet below.
```

> > Note that to run this snippet, you need to use WSL as the command uses SED. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that to run this snippet, you need to use WSL as the command uses `sed`.
```

To update the version of a given package, use the following snippet

`git grep -z -l $PackageName | xargs -0 sed -i -e 's/$OldVersionNumber/$NewVersionNumber/g'`

where:
- `$PackageName` is the name of the package, e.g. Microsoft.UI.Xaml
- `$OldVersionNumber` is the version number currently used, e.g. 2.3.191217003-prerelease
- `$NewVersionNumber` is the version number you want to migrate to, e.g. 2.4.200117003-prerelease

Example usage:

`git grep -z -l Microsoft.UI.Xaml | xargs -0 sed -i -e 's/2.3.191217003-prerelease/2.4.200117003-prerelease/g'`

## Using .nupkg files instead of downloaded Nuget packages
If you want to use .nupkg files instead of the downloaded Nuget package, you can do this with the following steps:

1. Open the Nuget.config file and uncomment line 8 ("Static Package Dependencies")
2. Create the folder /dep/packages
3. Put your .nupkg files in /dep/packages

> 4. If you are using different versions thanthose already being used, you need to update the references as well. How to do that is explained under "Updating Nuget package references".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. If you are using different versions than those already being used, you need to update the references as well. How to do that is explained under "Updating Nuget package references".
```
